Let's walk you through this,
what do you want it to do?
And then I added this.
When I'm getting my class
started, I'm trying
to get everybody
pretty much on the same page.
Think about
the logical possibility.
In this area of the curriculum
right now,
everyone's doing
something separate.
I wanna make sure
that they're all
working towards a common goal.
So, we're building games.
I'm trying to get kids really
focused on where they are now,
and where they should be
at the end of class,
thinking for the future.
In the next unit we do,
you'll learn about cloning
and then your mind will explode.
We need to be thinking about
how your two ideas
are going to make
one cohesive game.
♪
Today, you're focused
on getting your game
to beta one stage.
We're doing a pool game.
In this particular project,
they're working with partners.
Generally, I do pair students up
even when we're doing labs
so they have someone to bounce
ideas off of,
and so that
they can work in pairs
and kinda learn
from each other as well.
Instead of us just
like one-on-one,
just trying to come up
with things,
we can hear from
each other's feedback
and we can actually move
a lot faster
than what we would
normally do by ourselves.
Every time we do group projects,
I assign the groups,
'cause in reality, when you go
into the working force,
you don't get to pick
your coworkers.
We both have ideas and we
combine them to do one thing.
I also try to encourage them to
talk to other pairs if possible,
but a lot of times,
I'll float around the room
and kind of address issues
as they come up.
So, how close are you guys
to getting the game playable?
There are some students
who I pair
who are on the same level.
There are other students
who are just plainly struggling,
and I try to put them
with a very high student
so that they can maybe try to
absorb what this other student
is doing and maybe get
some best practices.
Go down their process,
how do they think,
how do they accomplish a goal,
and try to get some of that
into their own
programmatic thinking
to really latch on
and build something together.
He lets me improve my thing
at my own pace and my own style,
so it's different
and it's its own creation.
So, each group does get
different support from me
depending on where they're at
level wise.
So, it's just to get them
familiar with the idea
that when you leave high school,
this is something that runs true
throughout your life.
You will always work
with a partner,
you'll always work in groups.
Things are cooperative,
collaborative,
and it's good to get that
mindset started for them now,
because they're gonna need it.
I do think it's easy
to learn something
when working with others,
'cause they might know something
that you don't know,
and you might know something
that they don't know, so you
guys can learn from each other.
It helps us figure out things
that if we were by ourselves,
we wouldn't be able to do
as easily.
I think a journal
is definitely important,
because we start on day one
with planning,
and I want them to understand
that planning
is part of the process.
By giving me what you've done,
why you did it,
or how you did it,
that allows you
to think metacognitively
about what you did.
We describe what we did today,
what kind of challenges
we faced,
like, how we could've
done this better,
what we should do tomorrow.
So, the idea that
they are documenting
that process of change
really helps them see
that their programs,
their ideas aren't stagnant,
that they are
an evolutionary process
from day one
to the end of the project.
I really want them
to get as much out of it
that isn't just
computer science,
that's really thinking
outside the box.
One of the overviews
of the school is making sure
students are college
and career ready,
and giving them that opportunity
to play around
with computer science and get
to know coding and programming
before they go off to college
we think is really valuable.
The kids really buy into it.
How in this game
are you attacking?
They buy into it
when they own it.
I feel like
when you own something,
you're passionate about it.
When you have
that kind of passion,
you're more willing to put
the hours in to get it done.
And the student interest
is there, so it's nice to have
the teacher interest
and the PD support.
This is my first year teaching
AP Computer Science Principles.
So, I kinda just jumped in,
dove in,
you know, head first really.
I wanted to teach an AP course.
I was looking for something
to teach at a higher level
that would also be
open and accepting
of students of all levels.
So, even though
it's an AP class,
I have a student
from a D75 school.
I have students with IEPs,
and then I have
the valedictorian.
So, the breadth of skill level
is very wide.
We accept everybody
and I think it's so accessible
that no matter what
your skill level is,
you're gonna take something
out of this class.
You're gonna leave this class
being a better student,
understanding what it means
to learn on your own,
to push yourself,
and I think that's the beauty
of the Computer Science For All
curriculum.
♪